Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedthis-program-demonstrates-the-bankaccount-and-derived-classes
<br>
The BankAccount class is an abstract class that holds general data about a bank account. Classes representing specific types of bank accounts should inherit from this class. This program demonstrates the BankAccount and derived classes. variable so that each account has a unique number // Current balance in the account. // Name on the account // Number bank uses to identify account Copy constructor creates another account for the same owner. //Allows you to add money to the account. amount The amount to deposit in the account. //Allows you to remove money from the account if enough money is available, returns true if the transaction was completed, returns false if there was not enough moeny. amount The amount to withdraw from the account.return True if there was sufficient funds to complete the transaction, false otherwise. //Accessor method to balance return The balance of the account. //Accessor method to owner return The owner of the account. // Accessor method to account number return The account number. // Mutator method to change the balance newBalance The new balance for the account. // Mutator method to change the account number newAccountNumber The new account number The sub-class of BankAccount that manages the withdrawals of money from the account The Standard constructor name The name of the owner that is accessed by the super constructor amount the amount in the account, which is accessed by the super constructor. withdraws the money from the account if the amount is lesser or equal to the balance, using the method defined in the super class BankAccount. return true if the withdrawal was accomplished, and return false otherwise. // The standard constructor name assigns the name to the account using the super class constructor amount assigns the amount of money to the account using the super constructor // set a new value of the balance based on the monthly interest rate